| Months of coding save week of planing

Hi, I'm Yevhen and this is my Github) 

The main motivation for me is new, unusual, and challenging cases and tasks that require creative thinking and an open-minded approach to find the optimal and effective solution while considering the importance of criteria such as minimal resource costs for its development and implementation. Searching, finding, justifying and successfully implementing such a solution and after constantly observing the positive results of everything done is what I value most in my profession.

Here, on my Github account, I have showcased several useful and interesting applications that I have developed during my personal time. These projects include the CLI NodeJS tool for GraphQL server high-load testing, which generates visually appealing reports in PDF format. Additionally, I have published a server-client monorepo boilerplate for real-time chatting, complete with full integration of Apollo GraphQL, websockets authentication, having seamless logic for ReactJS on the client and Express on the server. The core Typescript service classes and data contracts are shared between the client and server for greater efficiency. 

I have also shared the sources for a few mobile applications, including a native Android application with over 10,000 downloads on Google Play, although its server component has not been supported for some time. Another application, created with Ionic 3, includes two repos for the client and server. The server application instance was published and supported for some time on Heroku. Finally, I have an Expo (React Native) hybrid mobile application with IoT functionality, powered by Open AI API (ChatGPT) completions, which receives regular updates. All progress, changes, and plans for this application are managed on its personal Github Projects page, which is open for public viewing. My next plans for this pet project are focused on releasing it to the Google Play and App Store after resolving all issues in the QA column. 

But the key point is, that all mentioned personal projects are examples of my live code, which can tell a lot more about me as a software engineer + my expertise of used in that projects technologies, and show all that much clearer than any CV)
